documentation on includeAllData key for ConfigMap Collector (#313)
replicatedhq/troubleshoot.sh: docs/source/collect/configmap.md

Whether to include the key value. Defaults to false.

##### `includeAllData` (Optional)

> Whether to include all of the key-value pairs in the ConfigMap. Defaults to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether to include all of the key-value pairs from the ConfigMap data. Defaults to false.
```

  "key": "password",
  "configMapExists": true,
  "keyExists": true,
  "value": "mypass",

>   "data:": {

Reviewer: should you add `includeAllData: true` after line 50?

Author: yes
